If you can't make Zhang Cheng forgive you
Just wait to get out
If it weren't for you, can I cause such a big trouble today?
Mr. Zhang, I put lard on my heart today, oil and salt are not too salty.
Just let me go
I should have known why today was the first time?
Mr. Zhang, I'm sorry.
We really didn't mean to
Please let us go
Shut up and kneel
Mr. Zhang doesn't remember villains
Just let him go
Apologize to him.
I'm sorry I was too impulsive
I collided, you let me go like a fart
Why don't you think this is our villa when you show off your power?
Dogs look down on people
I was really wrong.
Please forgive me.
I have a family of old and young
Still living off my company
You let me go
Go away and polish your dog eyes later